Privacy policy referred to as the “Services”) is operated by Speed 3D Inc., (the “Company”). The Company attaches great importance to your privacy. For your personal data, we will collect, use, process and protect your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy and the provisions of the Personal Data Protection Law. If you do not agree to part or all of this privacy policy, please stop using the services immediately. 1. Scope of applicability By using our services, you are agreeing to this policy and the collection, use, processing, retention, disclosure and sharing of your user information, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this policy. If you do not agree with any of the terms of this policy, please do not use our services. This privacy policy only applies to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by the services. The scope of the services excludes other third parties that are not owned or controlled by the Company (including but not limited to other businesses or individuals). You may be linked to websites or internet resources operated by third parties through these services. You understand and agree that the collection, processing, and utilization of personal data by websites or internet resources operated by other third parties shall be the responsibility of each such third party. It is not within the control and responsibility of the Company. 2. Matters to be notified of the Personal Data Protection Act (1) The name of the collecting agency: Speed 3D Inc. (2) The purpose of the collection: To provide the company's related services, marketing, contracts, similar contracts or other legal relationship affairs, consumers, customer management and services, online shopping and other electronic Business services, advertising and business conduct management services, and other operations are in line with the business registration items or the business stipulated in the articles of association. When providing personalized services, it is also possible to use personal data for purposes other than those specified above. (3) Data collection scope: a. Identification category: name, address, contact number, e-mail address b. Characteristics category: age, gender, date of birth, etc. c. Social situation category: interests, leisure, lifestyle, consumption Modes, etc. d. We will collect information about your activities when you use the FunkAR, which may include but not limited to: The terms what you searched for. The number of views and interactions of the content and advertisements you browse on FunkAR. Your transaction activities, records, and time on FunkAR. Content and objects you communicate or share on FunkAR. Your using device, operating system, IP address etc. e. We will collect the photos, videos and user behavior data related to the photos and videos that you upload (including but not limited to photography behavior, photography scenes, filter selection, filter preferences, etc.). f. Others: emails, website messages, track information automatically recorded by the system, etc. (4) Personal data usage period: except for those legally required or permitted to retain for a longer period of time, we will retain your personal data for the required period for the purpose of this privacy policy. (5) Personal data utilization area: the location of the company's business operations and server host, currently mainly Taiwan, Japan, Commonwealth of Virginia of the U.S.A, and Singapore. (6) Objects of personal data use: the company and its affiliated companies, as well as third-party vendors that the company outsources (for example, vendors that provide logistics, cash flow, or event gifts, and exhibits); if the company and other vendors jointly Collectors will be listed in the joint collection activities. (7) How to use personal data: use it in accordance with the scope of the collection purpose and this privacy policy. (8)Ways to exercise your personal data rights: The Company has tried to make it as easy as possible for you to control your information. You can confirm or modify some information you registered at any time. You can send us a written request at any time to confirm, correct, or delete any other personal information that the Company holds which cannot be confirmed directly on the website. Upon verification of your identity, the Company will respond to your request within a reasonable period in accordance with relevant law. (9) Optional description of personal data: If the company collects personal data, the relevant webpage or document indicates that it is optional, it is only to provide you with a better experience of using this website and does not affect your rights to use this website. Your device information (e.g., App version, OS version, language and country setting, and device model) might be acquired at times. This information will be used to improve our service quality, as well as to prevent illegal or improper use of Service. You are free to provide us with personal information, but, without such information, certain functions and features of this service may not be accessible. 3. Instructions for collection, processing and use of personal data The company may post part of the information on this website on your community activity information page through Facebook or similar social service systems after obtaining your consent. If you do not agree with the release of such information, please do not click Agree button, or remove the information through the membership mechanism of each community service afterwards or refuse to continue publishing relevant information on this website. The company will not arbitrarily provide your personal data to third parties except for the use of the necessary scope for the execution of related activities by the judicial, prosecutorial organs, relevant competent agencies, or the company's third-party vendors. When the company or this website is completely or partially divided, operated by independent subsidiaries, acquired by other third parties or acquired assets, resulting in the conversion of operating rights, the company will announce the relevant details on this website in advance. In addition, all or part of the user information owned by the company, or this website may also be transferred to a third party under the condition of the conversion of operating rights. However, it is limited to the personal data related to the operation right conversion service. If part of the operation of the company or this website is transferred to a third party, you are still a member of the company. If you do not want the company to use your personal data in the future, you can exercise your rights to the company in accordance with this privacy policy. 4. Cookie To facilitate future identification, when you use the services of this website, the company may set and access cookies on your computer. You can decide whether to allow the use of cookie technology by setting your personal computer or Internet device. If you turn off the cookie, it may cause inconvenience or some functional restrictions when you use the services of this website. 5. Confidentiality and Security The employees of the Company only have limited access to your personal data within the scope of the needs of providing you with products or services. To protect the security of your account and personal information, please do not arbitrarily provide your personal account and password to a third person or apply for an account and password with your personal information. Otherwise, you will bear the relevant responsibilities. If your account and password are in danger of being leaked, please change your password immediately or notify the company to suspend the account (the company needs to verify your personal information first). The Internet is not a secure information transmission environment. Please avoid providing sensitive personal information to others or publicly revealing it on the website when you use this website. 6. Minor/Children Protection This website is not specifically designed for minors/children. When minors use this website, if they agree to the collection and use of their personal data, they should do so with the consent of their legal representative or guardian. The legal agent or guardian may request the company to stop the collection, processing or use of specific accounts and related personal data at any time. 7. Modification of Privacy Policy We will amend our Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to the Service and relevant law and regulation. We will let you know when we make any important changes to our Privacy Policy via the website the App and/or by other means. Your continuous use of the Service would be deemed as your acceptance of the changes. You can modify your personal information at any time. You can modify your personal account information at any time. We reserve the right to send you specific messages related to our company's services (such as service announcements, management messages). These messages are considered part of your company's account and you cannot opt-out of receiving them.