1. Acknowledgment and Acceptance 1.1 Welcome to use the FunkAR (https://funk-ar.spe3d.co) website service operated by Speed 3D Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "FunkAR") (hereinafter referred to as "this service", "this website") . The purpose of these terms of service is to regulate the relationship between us and you when you use the service. When you enter the FunkAR website and use this service, it means that you have read, understood, and agreed to accept all the contents of the terms of service. If you do not agree to any terms of this service, FunkAR advise to stop using this service. 1.2 This service includes this website and all information, linked pages, functions, data, text, images, photos, graphics, music, sound, videos, messages, tags, content, programming, and software provided through this website or its related services, Application services (including but not limited to any mobile application services). 1.3 When you start to use this service, it means that he has read, understood, and agrees to accept all the contents of these terms, and fully accepts the existing and future derivative service items and contents of this Service. The Company has the right to modify or change the content of the terms of the Services at any time. The revised terms of this service will be published on the website. FunkAR will not notify individually. You are advised to pay attention to such modifications or changes at any time. When you continue to use this service after any modification or change, it is deemed that you have read, understood, and agrees to accept such modification or change. If you do not agree to the above-mentioned service terms revision or update method, or do not accept any other agreement of this service terms, you should immediately stop using this service. 1.4 If you are below 20 years of age, other than complying with the above regulations, you are allowed to use or continue using the Services provided that you and your parent (or guardian) have read, understood and accepted all content of these Terms of this service including any subsequent modification or alteration thereof. Your use or continued use of this service represents that your parent (or guardian) has read, understood, and accepted all content of these Terms of Service including any subsequent modification or alteration thereof. 2.Third Party’s websites This service or vendor may provide links to other websites or resources, and you may therefore have access to websites controlled by third party. As FunkAR does not have any relationship with the third party’s website, the third party shall therefore be liable for its own websites. FunkAR does not guarantee the suitability, reliability, timeliness, validity, accuracy, and completeness of all external links. 3. Duty to Register 3.1 You must register an account to use the full functionality of FunkAR, with providing a valid email address, username, and password. While registration, you must create a FunkAR profile and related content. To complete the registration, we need your email for account verification procedures. 3.2 In order to use this service, you agree to the following: (a)To provide true, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the instructions of this service. (b)To maintain and update your personal information and ensure that the information is true, current, and complete. If you provide any inaccurate or false information, FunkAR has the rights to suspend or terminate your account and refuse all or part of your access to this service. (c) If you have had a FunkAR account before, your old account has not been suspended or terminated due to violation of these terms; (d) You cannot and will not attempt to log in to FunkAR through an unauthorized third-party application. 4. Account, Password and Safety After registering this service, you shall have the responsibility to keep your account and password registered under the Services in confidential, and you also agree to the following:(a) If you discover your account or password has been used illegally or other security related situations, please notify FunkAR immediately. (b) You shall log out your account after using this service. 5. Your content 5.1 When you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like text, photos, videos or comment, (the “content”) on or in connection with the Services, you hereby claim ownership of the content and grant FunkAR a license to use it. 5.2 You grant to FunkAR a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of the content (consistent with your privacy and application settings) . 5.3 You guarantee the content shall not infringe someone else’s private or confidential information without permission or do anything that violates someone else's rights, including intellectual property rights (e.g., copyright infringement, trademark infringement, counterfeit, or pirated goods). 5.4 To assist members in other languages to understand this service, we provide some or all translation services. This service includes services provided by Google Translate. Google does not provide any express or implied guarantees, including but not limited to correctness, credibility, commercial marketability, suitability for specific purposes, and non-infringement of the rights of others. FunkAR also does not guarantee the correctness and quality of the translation results. Members are responsible for checking and confirming the correctness of the translation results. 6. Protection of children and youth It has become an inevitable trend for children and adolescents to go online. Using the Internet to acquire knowledge can cultivate children's maturity and competitiveness. However, there are indeed messages on the Internet that are not suitable for children and young people to receive, such as pornographic and violent messages. Children and young people may suffer spiritual and physical harm due to this. Therefore, in order to ensure the safety of children and youth using the Internet and avoid infringement of their privacy rights, parents (or guardians) should fulfill the following obligations:(1) First review whether the website has a "privacy policy" for protecting personal data, and then decide whether to agree to submit relevant personal data; and children and young people should continue to urge children and young people not to disclose any information about themselves or their families (including names, addresses, etc.), phone, email, photo, credit card number, etc.) to anyone. It is also not allowed to meet with a netizen alone by accepting invitations or presenting gifts. (2) Carefully choose suitable websites for children and young people to browse. Children under the age of twelve should accompany the Internet throughout the entire journey. Youth over the age of twelve and under the age of 18 should also consider whether to give consent before going online. 7.Your Responsibility and Commitments 7.1 Due to the using of this service, access fees or data transmission fees charged by third parties may be incurred, and you shall bear the responsibility yourself. 7.2 You promise that you will never use this service for any illegal purpose or in any illegal way and promise to abide by the relevant laws and regulations of the Republic of China and all international practices for using the Internet. If you are a user outside the Republic of China and agree to abide by the laws and regulations of your country or region. You agree and warrant that you will not use this service to engage in acts that infringe on the rights of others or violate the law, including but not limited to:(1) Upload, post, publish or transmit any defamatory, insulting, threatening, offensive, indecent, obscene, false, violation of public order or good customs, or other illegal text, pictures or any form of file in this service. (2) Infringe on the reputation, privacy, trade secrets, trademark rights, copyrights, patent rights, other intellectual property rights and other rights of others. (3) Violation of confidentiality obligations under the law or contract. (4) Use this service in the name of another person. (5) Upload, post, transmit or distribute any data that contains computer viruses or any code that interrupts, destroys, or restricts the functions of computer software and hardware. (6) Engaging in illegal transactions or posting false or untrue or criminal information. (7) Spam advertising emails, spam emails, chain letters, illegal multi-level marketing messages, etc. (8) Harm children and youth in any way. (9) Falsify the source of the message or interfere with the identification of the source of transmission in any way. (10) Interfere with or interrupt the service or the server or the network connected to the service, or fail to comply with the requirements, procedures, policies or rules related to the service, including but not limited to: using any equipment, software or deliberate evasion FunkAR’s robot exclusion headers. (11) To track others or otherwise interfere with others or to collect or store personal information of others as mentioned above. (12) Other acts considered inappropriate by FunkAR for legitimate reasons. 8. Interruption of this service Sometimes interruption or malfunction of this service may occur and may cause inconvenience of use, data loss, errors, data being tampered with or other economic loss to you. You should take their own protective actions while using this service. FunkAR is not liable for any damage compensation due to using (or unable to use) the Services, except for intentional or gross negligence. 9.Information or suggestions FunkAR does not guarantee that the information or advice (including but not limited to, business, investment and financial management, medical treatment, legal, etc.) obtained from your use of this service or other websites linked to this service is completely correct. FunkAR has the right to modify or delete the information or suggestions provided by this service at any time. Before you make any relevant plans and decisions, you should still ask professionals to give advice on your situation to meet your individual needs. FunkAR will cooperate with third parties ("content providers") such as other companies and manufacturers at any time to provide different content including news, information, e-news, etc. for publication by FunkAR, and FunkAR will indicate the content provider at the time of publication. Based on respect for the intellectual property rights of content providers, FunkAR does not conduct substantive review or modification of the content provided by it, and is not responsible for the authenticity of such content. You are advised to judge whether the content is true or false. If you believe that some content involves infringement or is untrue, please direct feedback from the content provider. 10. Advertisement You recognize and agree that FunkAR is not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources, nor does it endorse any advertisements, products, or other materials on or obtained from such websites or resources. You recognize and agree that if you are due to the availability of the above-mentioned external websites or resources, or because you trust the integrity and accuracy of any advertisements, products or other information on or obtained from such websites or resources. Or exist, and FunkAR is not responsible for any loss or damage. 11.Transactions Manufacturers or individuals conduct commodity sales, services, or other transactions through this service, and each such transaction or other contract only exists between you and each manufacturer or individual. You should request each manufacturer or individual to explain and explain in advance the quality, content, delivery, guarantees and responsibilities of guarantees for defects of their goods, services, or other transaction objects. You should seek relief or solutions from the vendors or individuals for disputes arising from the former sales, services, or other transactions. 12. Intellectual Property 12.1 The intellectual property rights relating to the software or program used by the Company, all content available on the websites, including but not limited to work, picture, file, information, data, website framework, website picture arrangement, web page design shall remain the property of the Company or other rightful owner, including but not limited to trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets and know-hows, and no licenses are granted to you, as a result of these Terms of this service. 12.2 You shall not use, alter, reproduce, broadcast in public, adapt, distribute, publish, announce in public, conduct reverse engineering, de-code or disassemble the software, program or content referred to in the preceding paragraph without the consent of the Company. The Company shall be entitled to claim against you for all damages, including but not limited to expenses incurred in litigation and attorney’s fees arising from the breach of this provision. 12.3 FunkAR and its affiliates are marketing and publicizing this service, and the names and drawings of goods or services related to this service (hereinafter referred to as " FunkAR trademarks") are protected by the Trademark Act and Fair-Trade Act according to the status of their registration or use. Without the prior written consent of FunkAR, you agree not to use the FunkAR trademark in any way. 13. Payment In order to ensure that when you encounter payment disputes, refunds, and order cancellations on this service, FunkAR can provide sufficient operational support. When transactions are involved, FunkAR will become parties to these terms of use and handle the resulting Disputes or disputes. The laws of the ROC will be used in those disputes. 14. Notice If notification is required by law or other relevant regulations, FunkAR may include but not limited to email, general mail, short message, multimedia short message, text message, posting on the service webpage, or other reasonable methods to notify you now or in the future, including Changes to these terms of service. However, if you violate the terms of service and access the service in an unauthorized manner, you will not receive the former notice. When you access this service through an authorized method and agree to the terms of service, you agree that all notices given to you by FunkAR a will be deemed to have been delivered. 15. Termination You agree that FunkAR may, in its judgment, for any reason, including but not limited to non-use for a certain period of time, court or government agency orders, the inability of the service to continue or substantial changes in the content of this service, unpredictable technical or security factors or problems, fraud or fraud by you Illegal conduct, failure to pay fees in accordance with the agreement, or other FunkAR believes that you have violated the express provisions and spirit of these terms of service, and terminate or restrict your use of your account (or any part of it) or use of this service, and will "Member Content" is removed and deleted. You also agree that FunkAR may also, in accordance with its own considerations, terminate or restrict your use of this service or any part of it at any time with or without notice. You acknowledge and agree to the previous termination or restriction, FunkAR may immediately close, delete or restrict access to your account and all or part of the related data and files in your account, and stop all or part of the use of this service. In addition, you agree that FunkAR will not be liable to you or any third party if the use of this service is terminated or restricted. 16. Warranty and Condition Disclaimer 16.1 You understand and agree that the network services (including but not limited to websites and mobile web pages and mobile applications, etc.), database systems and programming (hereinafter referred to as "this service") provided by FunkAR provide this service only on an "as is" basis. FunkAR does not guarantee the following: A. This service meets the needs of users, B. The content and system programs of this service are not interfered, provided in a timely manner or free from errors, C. The goods or services you purchase through this service will meet yours Expectation, D. The correctness of the information filled in by all members. In addition, FunkAR may make specification changes and version upgrades at any time at its discretion. If the network service is suspended due to this, FunkAR will not compensate consumers in any way. 16.2 For third-party services designated by this service (including but not limited to banks or service providers), the quality and content of the services provided are the responsibility of the third party. Therefore, when using this service, the verification may not be completed due to the third party's own system problems, related operation network connection quality problems or other irresistible factors. If the basic information you provide is wrong, and the service cannot immediately notify you of the emergency handling method of the abnormal situation, FunkAR will not be liable for any damages. 16.3 FunkAR must remind members: to protect your rights, you are requested to complete transactions on FunkAR. If you have any questions, please contact us via contact@spe3d.co. 17. Governing law and Competent court These Terms of this service contain the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the Services and supersede all Agreement with respect to the Services. Unless otherwise prescribed by law, the interpretation and applicability of these Terms of Service, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the ROC, and Taiwan Taipei District Court shall be the Court of First Instance. 18. Other Conditions 18.1 The failure of the Company at any time to require performance by You of any provision of the Terms and Conditions and/or Separate Terms and Conditions shall in no way affect the right of the Company to enforce such provision, nor shall the waiver of any breach by You of any provision herein constitute a waiver of any succeeding breach or the provision itself. 18.2 If any provision of the Terms and Conditions, Separate Terms and Conditions, and Conditions of Use is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from the Terms and Conditions, Separate Terms and Conditions, and Conditions of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. The affected provision shall be modified to the extent necessary to make it lawful, not void, or enforceable, as the case may be, in such a manner as comes closest to preserving the intentions of such provision. 18.3 The title of these terms of this service is for convenience only and does not have any legal or contractual effect.